HTC One X+.
Expected Q4 2012.
An update to the original One X launched earlier
this year, the HTC One X+ is a quad-core Android
4.1 smartphone that offers a number of improvements
all around plus a slightly refreshed design
to keep the One X+ competitive.
On the front is a 4.7" 720 x 1280 pixel LCD
2 touchscreen with a Gorilla Glass 2 coating.
On the back is an 8 megapixel camera with
LED flash and 1080p HD video recording, plus
there is a 1.6 megapixel 720p capable camera
on the front for video calling.
The One X was one of the fastest smartphones
on the market, the One X+ boosts the processor
speed from 1.5GHz to a 1.7GHz NVIDIA Tegra
3 AP37 CPU with 1GB of RAM, which HTC says
is up to 67% faster than the previous version.
Internal flash storage has been upgraded to
64GB from 32GB (although there's no microSD
slot) and the battery is now a 2100 mAh unit
compared to 1800 mAh in the original, which
HTC say can power the phone for up to 50%
longer.
All the expected Android features are here
including 3.5G support (but not LTE in the
standard model), WiFi, GPS and GLONASS position
systems, Bluetooth and the One X+ is also
NFC capable.
The HTC One X+ measures 134 x 70 x 8.9mm and
weighs 135 grams.
Shipping with Android 4.1 out of the box,
the HTC One X+ eliminates the need to fiddle
about with upgrades.
HTC also confirm that 4.1 updates will be
available for the original One X and the One
S "soon".
HTC say that improvements have also been made
to the camera, and the One X+ also features
the well-regarded Beats Audio system.
HTC Sense has also been upgraded, and expect
to find a number of other enhancements here
and there.
According to HTC, the One X+ should start
shipping in Europe and North Asia during October
2012, South Asia in November and there will
be a North American version at some point
as well.
No guidance was given on price, but we would
expect it to retail for around €550 when
it hits the shops.